Layout: post
Title: My Google Code-In Experience
Description: My thoughts about GCI
Headline: My Experince in GCI 2017
Modified: 2017-12-28 
Category: personal 
Tags: [] 
Feature-img: 
Mathjax: 
Chart: 
Author: Mugdha Chiplunkar 
Comments: true 
Featured: true

	This year, I decided to participate in Google Code-In. For any other person, this may not sound like a great thing; something ordinary, something that many other kids were doing. But for me, it was so much more; because I didn’t really like coding.
	I got to know about GCI from my older brother, who had participated a few times before and been one of the winners in the 2016 GCI. I resolved to enter not only because I wanted to learn coding, but because I wanted to do better than my brother (if you live in the shadow of an older sibling, you  probably recognize this feeling!). But when I actually started doing tasks, I started learning so many cool things! What’s crazier is that there was so much more that I hadn’t learned yet!
	I had never thought of coding as something that could do anything other than tell a computer or something to do something else. But code could do things like make websites, animate, design logos, make video games, and much more!
	I’m currently learning JavaScript, but I would like to learn all other programming languages, including Java and Python. I would also like to be able to make websites using HTML. But above all, I would like to learn how Dream Works, Pixar Studios, and Illumination Entertainment code and animate their awesome movies!
	As of now, I’ve not picked any tasks assigned by the JBoss Community, but I did read about the JBoss Community, and they seem to know a lot of programming languages! They might be able to help me learn Java, since that is the primary language. It would also be very intriguing to know what open source is, and what open source projects are.
	All in all, I’m enjoying GCI, and have already finished 3 tasks (never thought I would)! I hope that I will be able to participate in all future GCIs!
